{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red102\green0\blue141;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22180\viewh13180\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 http://api.messagebird.com/api/sms?username=[username]&password=[password]&destination=[recipient(s)]&body=[message]&sender=[sender]\
\
http://api.messagebird.com/api/sms?username=USERNAME&password=123456&originator=+353871234567&recipients=+353871234567&body=hello\
\
Session Basic\
\
http://api.messagebird.com/api/sms?username=catsdog&password=SendText17&destination=\{\{owner.cell_phone\}\}&body=\cf2 \uc0\u8203 Hi \{\{owner.first_name\}\}, we are looking forward to meeting you at \{\{primary_session.location.name\}\}, for your session on \{\{primary_session.start_date_day\}\}, \{\{primary_session.start_date\}\} at \{\{primary_session.start_time\}\}. Please bring along plenty of treats and a toy or 2 to help keep their attention. Bring on the fun!! - If our message arrived safely we'd love to hear from you. This number supports text replies only. Our Studio line 01772 920211 is open Tue- Fri, 12.30pm-8.30pm, & Sat 10.00am-6.00pm. If you need to contact the team out of our studio hours, please ring Cat on 07775 778319 :-) - CatsDog\cf0 &sender=inbox\
\
Viewing Basic\
\
http://api.messagebird.com/api/sms?username=catsdog&password=SendText17&destination=\{\{owner.cell_phone\}\}&body=\uc0\u8203 \cf2 Hi \{\{owner.first_name\}\}, we are looking forward to meeting you at \{\{primary_session.location.name\}\}, for your session on \{\{primary_session.start_date_day\}\}, \{\{primary_session.start_date\}\} at \{\{primary_session.start_time\}\}. Please bring along plenty of treats and a toy or 2 to help keep their attention. Bring on the fun!! - If our message arrived safely we'd love to hear from you. This number supports text replies only. Our Studio line 01772 920211 is open Tue- Fri, 12.30pm-8.30pm, & Sat 10.00am-6.00pm. If you need to contact the team out of our studio hours, please ring Cat on 07775 778319 :-) - CatsDog\cf0 &sender=inbox\
\
Hi [name] this is Rebecca from the CatsDog Photography Team. We saw you at [event name] & you entered our fab prize draw! Fantastic news & huge congratulations \'96 YOU\'92VE WON [dog face]!! We\'92ll email your \'a3135 winning voucher to you \'96 please confirm your email either by replying to this text, emailing me at rebecca@catsdog.co.uk or calling the studio on 01772 920211. We can\'92t wait to hear from you! \cf2 This number supports text replies only. Our Studio line 01772 920211 is open Tue- Fri, 12.30pm-8.30pm, & Sat 10.00am-6.00pm. If you need to contact the team out of our studio hours, please ring Cat on 07775 778319\cf0  \'96 Rebecca \'96 CatsDog Team\
\
1 hours photo session and \'a350 credit to spend on product.\
Around 30 images to choose from\
We specialise in bespoke framing and our frames start off at 225 but you\'92d have your \'a350 off that as well.\
\
}